Choose your data storage elements.
You already know what all structured data knapsack has.
You also know the semi-structured or unstructured data knapsack is collecting.
For entity data that is relational in nature,
SQL DBs are best.
For event data that has no schema,
can change often and quickly,
and can be stored as JSON documents,
we will use document-oriented DB.
For server request and responses that are semi-structured,
have no fixed schema,
and each data point can have different fields,
also we can store them in JSON documents,
document-oriented is best choice.
Customer reviews, and product mentions can be easily stored as key-value pair,
and unstructured in nature.
For this data, we will use key-value DB.